Sources UI updates in docs (#824)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/sdks/rudderstack-react-native-sdk.mdx

To set up the RudderStack React Native SDK, the following prerequisites must be met:

- You need to set up a [**RudderStack account**](https://app.rudderstack.com/signup).

> - Once signed up, <Link to="/dashboard-guides/sources/#adding-a-source">set up a React Native source</Link> in the dashboard.  You should then see a **Write Key** for this source, as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once signed up, <Link to="/dashboard-guides/sources/#adding-a-source">set up a React Native source</Link> in the dashboard. You should be able to see a **Write Key** for this source, as shown below:
```
